NuDoc
=====
NuDoc is an API documentation generator for the .NET framework languages. 

NuDoc uses reflection to read information about the types in the assembly. It can also read XML documentation files 
generated by the compiler from special documentation comments embedded in the source code. Given a .NET assembly and 
its matching XML documentation file, NuDoc generates:

- A HTML file describing the public API of the assembly. (I.e., the publicly visible types and members.
- An XML documentation file for the assembly which includes only the information for the public API.

NuDoc is conceptually similar to [Sandcastle](http://sandcastle.codeplex.com/), but the HTML API reference that it 
produces is far simpler than Sandcastle's compiled HTML help format, and it doesn't try to index and cross-reference 
the entire .NET framework. Consequently, it runs in a fraction of the time. Another difference is that the NuDoc report 
format aims for readability and simplicity rather than completeness.

NuDoc is run from the command line and is designed so that it can be easily integrated into an automated build 
system.

See also
--------
- [XML Documentation Comments (C# Programming Guide)](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/b2s063f7.aspx)


License (MIT)
-------------
Copyright (C) 2012, Anders Kaplan.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, 
including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished 
to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. 
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH 
THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
